The Joe Rogan experience.
It was back in the day when you can get away with something like that, you know,
like.
Dark. How about the journalist who.
Infiltrated the Vatican? You remember that? Wow.
And nobody needs to infrared. The Vatican is what infiltrates.
There's a French journalist who is games, health,
who went in to basically interview the priest. And the Vatican said,
I'm doing an account of the Vatican. Well, you know, he,
he spent a while there I a while years. And,
and he came out and basically said in this book, um, he said,
there's, there are a lot of gay priests there.
And there are a lot of pedophiles and both are protecting each other because
they don't want each other to get exposed. So you're saying, buddy,
you're telling me that boys. And I'm going to help you with you. guys.
And if this whole, and it came out in the book, it's a real, yeah. It's I mean,
it's probably interviews.
Well, if you know the history of the Roman Catholic church, you know,
constantly and a mainstream history, Constantine,
he D he was a pagan, which is, can be considered Luciferian, frankly. Yeah.
Vatican.
Sexual that against gay overlords as sensational new book
minds, the Catholic church, sexual secrets.
He's gay that Frank Frank will right-wing homophobes exploited.
Frank Bruni's gay. Yeah. Well, for a gay guy,
it's gotta be a bittersweet thing to know that the gay wizards control
everything to do with the Catholic church and even dress like gateway.
Well, when you look at, when you look at the history of the Vatican,
when you look at the history,
Constantine decided to convert to Christianity because the people were leaving.
The people were like, that. So this is mainstream history constantly.
And God's okay. I'm no longer pagan slash Luciferian.
I'm no longer inching Babylonian where we like Christ too.
We're going to do Christ. We're going to do what we got. We got our own, we got,
this is mainstream. We're going to start the Roman Catholic church.
We're going to have a Pope. He talks to Jesus.
That's where we're going to have Cardinals.
They'd talk to Jesus like once a week. And then we have the bishops,
they talked to Jesus like once a month.
And then the priest every now and then all of a sudden they created rock stars,
dudes with power. The Pope has power. He talks to dudes every day, Cardinals,
bishops priests. Right? So come on back. We got, we got Jesus for you.
They made Jesus into telling us things. We already know. No, no,
but what I'm saying is they were never into Jesus. It was never about Jesus.
We know that. Yeah. Yeah. So when you look at the Vatican, you're like, man,
the Constantine.
Didn't convert to Christianity.
Well, maybe he did. Maybe he didn't, but that was always like a debate about it.
But that was always a debate. Right? So when you look at the Vatican,
they have a lot of Luciferian. And look at, look at the resurrection,
look at the sculpture of the resurrection, pull that up the sculpture.
And you tell me if that's Jesus look up, this isn't the Vatican,
the notion of the sculpture, any of you ever does not look like Jesus.
Have you ever been to the Vatican? I've seen a lot of videos on it. Go.
You should say, it's amazing just to see it. It's pretty.
[Inaudible] lot of Christ in the eating.
This is their main church that does not,
that's supposed to be Jesus right there. There's got,
this is suppose it looks like a Slayer album cover that looks like Halloween
artists, RET rendering the kilowatts Slayer right there.
So they're saying pull up the, uh, this is,
this is supposed to represent the resurrection of Jesus.
How come you couldn't show the park?
How come you didn't show the part where he's like in front of a meadow and he
resurrect and there's children running around.
This is an artist. It's not like the Mona Lisa represents all women.
This is the guy's different. This is in the Vatican church,
the main church police. Can I just see what that looks like? Come on, man.
It's beautiful. Pull up some artists. [inaudible] Jamie. Jamie, Jamie.
Same picture. The same big chose. Hell. Just go back to the same picture. Oh.
Okay. They chose the, the part where he's rising out of hell.
You should have chose the part where he's in the sky.
But is Eddie, is that what it's supposed to represent?
The resurrected from the hell he's coming out of the ground.
It looks like roots there's but those things in the bottom aren't faces. Right?
Are they? I don't even want to ask.
It looks like to me, it's possible.
The artists felt the same way he did. And he was like, why don't.
You use the part where he resurrected and he's unlike over a meadow.
Or something to the artist. I'm a Christian, a believer.
On the second. None anymore comment ever online.
Is that the ground? What is that supposed.
To be held? How do you mean he's resurrecting from hell?
He went to hell and then he resurrected.
Jesus went to hell. Why would Jesus go to hell? That doesn't make any sense.
I don't think that's in the scripture. Okay. So it doesn't. What is that image?
All right. Behind.
This getting held to me, it looks like a Slayer album.
Cover the restoration of the statue of the resurrection. I've seen that.
Does it become Satan's throne? What does that?
I've never seen depicts Jesus rising. Would it be backup please?
Instead of nuclear bomb? What? Nuclear.
Bomb. Crater, who these people are crazy people. Well.
That's the Vatican. That's the main church and the Vatican. No.
I understand that, but I don't know what that represents.
You'd have to talk to the actual artist.
Like if the Vatican hired someone to make a,
an art piece about the resurrection and this is his depiction of it,
I don't know how much that has to say about the VAT case position or about this
guy who created.
It either into Jesus. Maybe I'm jumping too.
By the way. I said Frank, Bruni's gay. That's not the guy who wrote the book.
That's a piece of. Sorry, Frank, Brittany
[inaudible].
And to Frank, [inaudible] apologized to queen of England.
This is just figures of speeches. We rudely use here in America. Yeah.
I apologize to Frank Bruni to you though. His picture. He did look, my friend,
Brian said you looked. Yeah. He just meant handsome. That's all he meant.
He meant gay. Like maybe in the Flintstones have a gay old time.
Come see me this week.
I'm down with the Queens, right Queens. Right?
That's one of my favorite all time. That's that's in the Vatican.
That's a serpent.
Come on, man. The serpent should do a show.
Look at the fangs and look at the items that come on. The tongue that comes up,
pretending they're into Christ. They're not into Christ.
They want to destroy Christ.
Oh wait. That's supposed to be a snake. They're trying to.
Destroy. Oh, I see. Now you don't see that. Look at that.
That's the, that's the inside of a, how was that? Jesus?
How is that Jesus right? Where where's Jesus.
Is that the Vatican is the rabbit. Can, that is a snake. You know?
What's the most amazing thing about the Vatican though.
It's not the sate tannic at St. Peter's Basilica St.
Peter's Basilica took hundreds of years when you're standing in the middle of
it. You can't believe it's real, man.
I mean like go to that upper left corner that you got there right there.
Jamie right there. Yeah. That you, when you, when you zoom in on that,
can't click on it. It doesn't click. It's so amazing that St. Peter's Basilica,
zoomed in. It's a enormous church. It's so much bigger than that.
It's so big.
Put the snake one. How do you, how do we get past that snake? One
that somebody loves snakes.
Those are the same people that came up with the big bang theory.
Same people were in the butterflies. They're the same people who did the,
the hell awaits cathedral. And then the serpent cathedral.
Big bet.
It's the same people they're trying to kill Christ.
They're not trying to Christian St.
Peter's Basilica. No power tools. No, no power tools,
no cranes. It's my favorite place. That's the most amazing,
incredible thing. It didn't even make it. It didn't make sense to me. Yeah.
My whole family were walking around. We barely talked to each other.
Even my kids who are always like super energetic and piped down,
they were just like spending.
As a kid, as a kid is the first thing I remember looking at and not.
The same way. When I go to Vegas, when I go to the Venetia in advance, I'm like,
oh my God. I'm like, Jesus Christ. Go there and go lose your mind.
You'll never leave. You. Won't be able to leave.
Yeah. Look at that. Look at that dude. But
not anymore. Looking at it right now. Well, it's your new house?
Get at it right now is one thing. But looking at it when you're there in person,
it, it really, it it's one of the reasons why people were so into believing.
That makes sense,
because it's so bigger than anything you've ever seen in your life.
They don't feel like you have to be humble. When you walk in.
There, there are paintings that were done.
There were started by one artist and then finished by another artist because
that artist died. It took them in generate, like it took them a lifetime.
And then another guy took off. Yeah. It's amazing. It's the credit, right?
No one.
[Inaudible].
God. And it wasn't done. Nobody signs it, right? It wasn't about you.
It was about, it was about the larger picture.
And that's the difference between architecture back then and architecture today,
architecture like, you know, today, you see it's about the architect. You,
you see these incredible structures do, do like, you know, whatever.
It might be. The structure that we go and visit all the time.
We don't really know it was done by maybe one guy.
Then another guy that's never, it was commissioned by a king.
You hear about the king who financed?
You don't hear about the guy who built it because that wasn't the point we're.
In it. Wasn't it? The Freemasons that they build everything. Yeah, no, it.
Was the aliens. It was the big bang theory.
The expansion of observable universe began with the explosion of a single
particle to definite point in time. Oh, Georges, Jamie.
They met tear a Belgian cosmologist,
Catholic priest and father the big bang.
So big bang theory. So he was at cosmologists as well as being a Catholic.
There's the Vatican has the biggest telescopes in the world.
They have one called Lucifer. I don't think it's about that.
They have a telescope called Lucifer and sway. It's the biggest,
if not the biggest telescope you've gone too far.
You think the craziest real? How about it's real? How about it's real?
It's that's crazy.
No, I don't think that's true. I don't think that's the biggest telescope.
It's one of them. It was the biggest at one time,
or it's still maybe a surprise,
but it was the biggest at one time back before the Vatican,
the Vatican has been, it's a beautiful place. I love it.
I was born Catholic. I was born Catholic and EV you know,
for the Catholic church you got to have, I love the Cardinals.
I love the bishops. I love all that. You should.
You should go. You should go. Just to see how weird it is. Yeah.
I've seen a lot of it, man. I love it. But I mean, in person,
I love it in person. It's strange. What does that say?
Lucifer instrument helps us Toronto or see through darkness.
At the Vatican elusive for telescope retardants in Arizona and Arizona, Miami.
The.
Vatican has an observatory in Arizona.
I know he's not making it up. Like. See.
How big it is. It's amazing. The Vatican would fly.
The Vatican is the one killing Christ. Amazing that the vet.
Amazing that the Vatican would have a telescope in the name. It Lucifer,
go to that, click on that link. Anyway, whether they name it Lucifer.
Exactly. Cause it's an acronym for something,
but it just so happens to be lucid for it really that's them just,
that's what they say.
They say it stands for something. It stands for like some kind of linear.
Or whatever. You better stand for something to your fault for everything
for Brian. What does it say here? Large by knocking a telescope,
go make that a little larger for my eyes.
It's an optical telescope for astronomy located at 10,700 feet Mount Graham and
uh, pina LAN pillow, you know, uh,
mountains of Southeastern Arizona.
Part of the Mount Graham international observatory.
The LBT is currently one of the world's most advanced optical telescopes at two
8.4, 330 inch wide mirrors, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah. Where's one. Where's the name?
It's the second biggest telescope. He showed us the name, Eddie,
the Carl Lucifer now,
but it was [inaudible] O L U C I a originally
Lucifer, L U C. I excuse me, large by nodular telescope,
near infrared to corn stratospheric utility. It doesn't
[inaudible].
But they picked.
Ones. One letter to you like the pick they hell Eddie,
Jesus Christ. They had a chicken. They picked the owl.
It skipped like four letters that doesn't make any sense. How do they call that?
Exactly. That's crazy. It was a coincidence, but it really only came.
They only found enough letters for Lucy.
I like that. Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. He's onto something here, man.
[inaudible].
When was this telescope created?
It's an observatory in, um, in Arizona.
But when what's the art, Jamie we'll scroll up
January, 2004. This one, they started it.
Imagine being a part of a gigantic religious institution and naming a
telescope. But you could say like the God I can call it the God.
I know. How did, how did that work?
You mentioned the meeting where they're like the top three names were like,
okay, we got Jesus. I, we got God of light.
How did that one get picked? Came out to the press by Jesuits.
And they veiled this telescope and they at the Vatican and they call it Lucifer.
How did that get picked? What a, what?
A weird conversation that must've been that be one guy opposed to it.
At least one guy.
[inaudible] I know it sounds crazy, but look, L.
Loosen you universe. See.
Cosmology. It's a whole, uh,
interstellar F
E earth radius of earth.
Come on.
It's easy,
but it's safe, but it's not state. It's not Satan.
It's Lucifer. It's an acronym.
Okay, true. But we are the God, the house of God. And this is Lucifer.
It's this enemy. It's a coincidence. It's a coincidence.
How did the Vatican relax? The Vatican didn't name? A telescope. Lucifer. Okay.
Just from Catholica. Why was.
There? But wait a minute. This is the damage control right here. Why.
Was the Vatican named his telescope? Uh, in Arizona, Lucifer,
I'm a proud and devoted Catholic blah, blah, blah. Answer.
The Vatican did not name a telescope blues for the Vatican observatory shares
space, no pun with, with other organizations and groups.
The Vatican observatory does not own each piece of equipment,
nor can it give official names or nicknames to things. It does not own.
Another group installed a telescope neck and nicknamed it. Lucifer.
That would be hilarious if you had a telescope right next to the Vatican's
telescope.
[Inaudible].
Vision of God, to the heavens to prove the gospel, like where and how.
And the meanwhile. Okay. Okay.
What about the serpent cathedral with the fangs and the snake eyes?
It's a coincidence about the, the, the resurrection sculpture.
Well, you know, the, the serpent was the reason why we're human.
What about Cox? 17 was pagan and said,
and even the mainstream history says that he never converted.
That was posted that's mainstream. So if he never converted Constantine,
I thought he was, he didn't convert.
But the fact that there was a dependent.
Political decision, but yeah, exactly. So the, the one theory and it's, it's,
it's either one or the others, he actually did convert the Christ,
or he just said that for political purposes. But meanwhile,
he was still pagan, right? It's one of the other,
and then you start looking at the Vatican. You're like, man,
they're the ones who are creating the stuff that,
that turned people away from the Bible. They created the big bang theory. Well,
if you believe in the big bang theory, you're like, how could the Bible be true?
How could Jesus be read charges? The big bang theory can be scientific too,
right? Yeah, you're right. You're right. But if you were trying to kill,
if you were trying to kill religion,
you want everything that's opposite of the religion, right?
It's there because religion,
the Bible tells you that we're on a special payment.
You're saying the Catholic church trying to kill religion. I didn't say that.
Is that what you're insinuating? This doesn't make any sense.
Eddie, this has become a sacrifice. Don't.
Hack off any. I.
Never said that I'm pointing to the Catholicism.
The wake division. I got a little excited about the Catholic church loves Jesus.